Return policies - IKEA

 Skip to main content Accessibility EN US English Enter ZIP code Select store Products Rooms Deals Design & ideas Services Clear the search input field Search

 Search Hej! Log in or sign up Favorites Shopping bag Shop new arrivals Customer service Return Policy Return policy

 It's OK to change your mind!
 If you’re not totally satisfied with your IKEA purchase you can return new and unopened products within 365 days, together with your proof of purchase, for a full refund.  You may also return open products within 180 days, with your proof of purchase, for a full refund.
 Refunds will be made in the same form of payment originally used to make the purchase.
 Mattress purchases may be exchanged for another mattress one time within 90 days. Learn more here .
 We do not accept returns on plants, cut fabric, custom countertops and as-is products .  We are unable to refund or exchange your items if your merchandise is found to be modified from its original form when purchased, dirty, stained, or damaged.  We apologize for any inconvenience.

 How to return or exchange
 It’s OK to change your mind! Learn how to return or exchange your product and start your return online. Learn more

 Missing and damaged orders
 Sometimes things don't go as planned. If your order arrived incomplete, contained damaged products, or didn't even show up, we're here to help.  Learn more Additional return policy information
 You must have your receipt and valid government issued photo ID in order to return or exchange your product. Information from your ID will be retained in a company-wide database to be used only for authorizing returns.
 Removal and Pick-up services at customers’ homes vary by market. If the Pick-up service is available in your area, please bring your product to your covered porch, garage or doorstep.
 What should I do if my item is damaged? If only one part from your product is damaged, we may be able to ship replacement parts from one of our stores. For the quickest resolution, we recommend visiting an IKEA store with the damaged product or part(s) along with your order confirmation or receipt. If you're unable to do so, please contact the IKEA US Customer Support Center at 1-888-888-4532.
 Mattress purchases may be exchanged for another mattress one time within 90 days. Learn more here .

 Only the net purchase price as shown on receipt will be refunded. Returns are not accepted at IKEA Planning Studio or IKEA Pick Up Point locations.
 Promotional Terms & Conditions: When a promotional item included in the original transaction is not returned, the value of the promotional item will be deducted from the refund amount.
 Footer Join IKEA Family Bring your ideas to life with special discounts, inspiration, and lots of good things in store. It's all free.
 See more Join or log in Join IKEA Business Network Enjoy a number of unique benefits to create a better life at work.
 See more Join or log in Help Customer service FAQ My orders Contact Us Product Recalls Return Policy Warranties Feedback Shop & Learn Find a Location IKEA Services IKEA Family IKEA for Business IKEA Planning Tools IKEA Brochures Buying guides Payment options Gift Cards IKEA Credit Card Management IKEA Credit Cards Cash App Afterpay Explore the New IKEA App About IKEA This is IKEA Careers Newsroom Life at Home IKEA Foundation Safety at Home Legal Privacy & Security Privacy policy Terms and conditions IKEA Children’s Product Registration Accessibility IKEA SMÅLAND Privacy notice Cookie settings EN US English © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 1999-2026 Cookie policy Privacy policy California Notice at Collection